Download webdriver:  https://www.selenium.dev/downloads/
Open source tools:
1. Selenium-webdriver: Web based applications
2. Sahi : Web based applications
3. Sikuli : Web based applications
4. AutoIT : Web based applications and windows based
5. Cypress
6. Katalan Studio(Community edition and standard/professional/paid version)
it can support web based and windows based applications.
7. winium - developed based on selenium it can support windows based applications

Using Appium: we can test any type of android mobile(Nokia, Samsug, RedMi, Oppo, etc...)
and we can test iPhone(apple phone).


Paid:
1. QTP - UFT
2. Katalan Studio
3. Microsoft automation tool.


Advantages of WebDriver:
1. Open Source: Free tool. 

2. Many Languages support: webdriver can support many languages,
PHP, phython, ruby, java, javascript, C#, etc... 
these type of programing languages can support.

3. Multiple Operating systems:
Windows, Unix, linux(Kali, Ubuntu, Centos), Mac as well.

4. Cross Browser:
Webdriver can support Chrome, firefox, IE, Edge, Opera, Safari, etc...
webdriver is provide exe files for these browsers.

5. Multiple Frameworks:
Webdriver can integrate with various build tools/frameworks like
ANT and Maven. and we can integrate with Java frameworks like JUnit
and TestNG.

6. Devices:
Using webdriver we can test Android mobile, iPhone, desktop, iPad and tablet.

7. Easy Implementation:
there is no much installation, just we can download webdriver jar and 
we can add in the external jars in Eclipse.

8. Mouse Cursor and Keyboard Simulation:
Webdriver can do real user scenario by handling mouse and keyboard events.
like using function keys F1, F2, Escape, Enter, control, Tab, etc... 
keyboard keys usage we can handle with webdriver.

9. Not Required to Start the browser:
In selenium RC need to start the browser but in webdriver
not required to start the browser.

10. Browser Interactions:
Webdriver can do the advanced browser interactions like browser back button,
farward button, browser refresh.

11. Integration:
We can integrate any of the tools or add-ons.
JUnit, TestNG, ANT, MAVEN, Cucumber, etc...


Disadvatages:
1. Webdriver can support only Web based application.
2. There is no online for webdriver
3. There is no recording tool in webdriver or there is no UI.

download the exe files:
chromedriver.exe : https://chromedriver.chromium.org/downloads
				   https://chromedriver.chromium.org
https://chromedriver.storage.googleapis.com/index.html?path=84.0.4147.30/






